hey what's going on everybody this is JR
and you are checking out the sport break
yes I am hatless I know that that may
turn some of you on that I have no hat
on and if it does turn you on I hope you
are not but anyway let's let's let's
stay away from that I'm hatless and the
New York Giants are awful the Dallas
Cowboys can't put in December
Philadelphia Eagles there nine and four
we're approaching the playoffs now guess
what my question who's gonna blow it
first you got two teams that are
absolutely sucking right now they're
awful the New York Giants they lose
terrible on Thanksgiving they get beat
up by one of these guys they lost
through last night they get beat up by
the Eagles last night 4845 238 Giants
offenses in their Giants defenders ghost
the Giants are probably better off right
now if they had senior citizens senior
citizens playing on our defense and
insurance how it looks like they have
senior citizens playing on offense for
them right now so we know the Cowboys
can't win for squat they'll also the
charges last night charges are on a hell
of a roll right now but my question is
the Philadelphia Eagles are going in
then let me know they'll probably win
the division it'll probably come to a
wild card between the cowboys and giants
who's gonna blow it you know what I
honestly think the Giants might blow it
I don't know I mean and I actually
called it pretty well a few weeks ago a
look at this clip DeSean Jackson will
probably be back and he'll probably just
burn the Giants secondary yeah DeSean
Jackson he ran his behind all over that
field and raped them now that he was bad
so you know what hey but you know what
Giants fans you face Washington who's
been playing well they've hung in there
but they always lose what they do mostly
play they play Carolina should be a
cakewalk and they play the vikings uh
and they probably won't even want to
play Brett Favre and you know what the
Cowboys I don't know off the top of my
head who they'll play but I just know
the Giants will suck anyway even if they
fall into the playoffs if they went
around it'll be a miracle bill showered
and will probably be fine
Giants fans you better ask for the
Giants to get into the playoffs this
holiday season and cowboys fans I mean
you guys just blow it every just son but
I guess it's the same thing every single
year let me know what you think this is
JR this is a sport brief pick me up just
for brief @ gmail.com it will go away
right to the blackberry feeling kind of
naked gotta go put a hat on I'm out